So let's add some services manually.
Now we should place the services next to the feature or in the folder holding the feature they belong
to you.
So if we create a recipe service the recipes folder looks like a good place for it.
So here I'll add a recipe service.
And of course the file is named recipe dot service dot TS due to that and you're able to simply export
a class which is named recipe service.
Remember a service simply is a type of class.
You don't need to add any special decorator to it at least not if you don't plan on injecting a service
into the service.
Well and the same for the shopping lists service.
I'll place it in the shopping list folder here.
I'll name a shopping list dot service Dot.
Yes that's the file name.
And then inside the file of course I'll export a class named shopping list service.
So these are the two service files.
Now let's start working on the recipe service for us.
Let's start working on it in the next lecture.